Inject error codes from Devtools (#1281)
apollographql/apollo-client-devtools: .changeset/gentle-kiwis-admire.md

---
"apollo-client-devtools": minor
---

> Add functionality to inject error and log messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the ability for devtools to provide full error and log messages without the need to need to call `loadDevMessages` or `loadErrorMessages`.
```

What about making this a bit more verbose to really make this feature stand out? For those reading the changelog, I think this might pique interest a bit more. Thoughts?
